		   Neper is copyright (C) 2003-2017

                             Romain Quey
                       <rquey at users.sf.net>

Contributors include: Fabrice Barbe who is at the origin of Neper and
has provided fresh ideas; Kamel Ibn Hassen Derouiche for Cmake
integration; Loic Renversade for 2.5D meshing and tessellation
optimization; Thierry Auger for MacOS port and process management.

The ANN tree code (src/contrib/ann), excluding the CMakeLists.txt file, is
copyright (C) 1997-2010 University of Maryland and Sunil Arya and David
Mount and licensed under the the GNU Lesser Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The muparser tree code (src/contrib/muparser), excluding the
CMakeLists.txt file, is copyright (C) 2011 Ingo Berg and licensed under
the MIT License.

This version of Neper may use as a library: Gmsh, copyright (C)
1997-2014 by Christophe Geuzaine and Jean-Fran√ßois Remacle and
distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2
or later, with an exception to allow for easier linking with external
libraries.  See the Gmsh code for more information.

This version of Neper may use as a library: libScotch, copyright (C)
2004,2007,2008,2010,2011 ENSEIRB, INRIA & CNRS.  This software is
governed by the CeCILL-C license under French law and abiding by the
rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/or
redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL-C license as
circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL:
"http://www.cecill.info".

Thanks to the following forks for punctual help: Christophe Geuzaine for
Gmsh; Francois Pellegrini for libScotch.

Thanks to Ling Li for help with the Abaqus output; Ehsan Ghazvinian for
help with the ply output.
